# HEAL-33066 Jira Summary

- Summary: Price Book Creation
- Status: Waiting for support
- Assignee: Sean Bingham
- Reporter: Carlin French
- Request participants: Sean Bingham
- Created: 2026-04-13T19:40:57.116-0400
- Updated: 2026-05-15T13:43:08.044-0400
- Request type: General Help Desk Request
- System description: 
- Portal summary (Summary): 
- Portal description (Description): Using the link below, please create price books in SF for our laboratory vendors, Quest and Evexia. Prices are listed as they are charged to us. If you have questions, please let me know. Lab Price Book Creation.xlsx
- Comments: 12
- Changelog entries: 25
- Worklogs: 0
- Attachments: 2
- Attached forms: 1

## Attachments

- InactivePricebookProducts.xlsx (application/vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet, 11354 bytes): `C:/Users/sean/Projects/Salesforce/DigitalDreams/CaseOps/outputs/jira/attachments/HEAL-33066/46395-InactivePricebookProducts.xlsx`
- InactivePricebookProducts (6b6a8476-fbfd-45c8-a410-195f244cb669).xlsx (application/vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet, 11354 bytes): `C:/Users/sean/Projects/Salesforce/DigitalDreams/CaseOps/outputs/jira/attachments/HEAL-33066/46400-InactivePricebookProducts (6b6a8476-fbfd-45c8-a410-195f244cb669).xlsx`

## Attached Forms

### General Help Desk Request

- Scope: issue
- Form id: 83b5369b-4a29-456d-9ed8-4d74f8304a17
- Submitted: True
- Internal: False
- Updated: 2026-04-13T23:40:56.543Z

| Field | Answer | Choice |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Attachments |  |  |
| Stakeholders/Watchers |  |  |
| Subject | Price Book Creation |  |
| Description of problem | Using the link below, please create price books in SF for our laboratory vendors, Quest and Evexia.  Prices are listed as they are charged to us. If you have questions, please let me know.  Lab Price Book Creation.xlsx |  |
| Record Link | https://10xhs-my.sharepoint.com/:x:/r/personal/ageyer_10xhealthsystem_com/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7BED430575-4EF9-4376-9A21-DA8CE9695D6C%7D&file=Lab%20Price%20Book%20Creation.xlsx&wdLOR=c1EB84A9A-1F7E-D345-810F-7D1F286E5886&fromShare=true&action=default&mobileredirect=true |  |
| Department | Clinical | 10478 |
| How many people or records are affected? | Only me or one record | 12072 |
| How does this impact your work? | My work is not affected | 12075 |
| System affected | Salesforce | 10255 |


## Comments

### 2026-05-15T13:42:55.120-0400 - Carlin French (public)

Hi Sean! I have some additional things that need to be adjusted based on the new price book changes we made. Can you help me set up time to talk through this so I submit tickets for the work correctly? Thanks! Warm Regards, Carlin French, MHA Associate Director | Clinical Support Services 10 X Health Tel: 305.682.1818 Fax: 786.598.8612 10xhealthsystem.com Schedule time on my calendar! CONFIDENTIAL/Sensitive Information: This email, including downloadable files, may contain confidential and/or sensitive personal information and is intended only for the use of the individual and/or the entity for which it is intended. If you are not the intended user, disclosure, copying, use, or distribution of the information included in, and accessed through, is prohibited by federal and state law.

### 2026-05-12T15:37:00.995-0400 - Sean Bingham (internal/unknown)

Updated the products listed here from inactive to active Thank you, Sean Bingham Salesforce Administrator 10X Health Help Desk Support

### 2026-05-12T15:35:37.561-0400 - Sean Bingham (public)

Hey Carlin, I have updated all discussed inactive products to active. I believe this wraps up everything so I will update this issue as resolved. Please let me know if anything changes! Thank you, Sean Bingham Salesforce Administrator 10X Health Help Desk Support

### 2026-05-12T09:39:06.322-0400 - Carlin French (public)

Hi Sean, These should all be active. The price books look good to me. Our team is going to be testing the process this week and will let you know if we need any adjustments. Thank you! Warm Regards, Carlin French, MHA Associate Director | Clinical Support Services 10 X Health Tel: 305.682.1818 Fax: 786.598.8612 10xhealthsystem.com Schedule time on my calendar! CONFIDENTIAL/Sensitive Information: This email, including downloadable files, may contain confidential and/or sensitive personal information and is intended only for the use of the individual and/or the entity for which it is intended. If you are not the intended user, disclosure, copying, use, or distribution of the information included in, and accessed through, is prohibited by federal and state law.

### 2026-05-11T22:18:01.638-0400 - Sean Bingham (public)

Hey Carlin, Here’s a list of inactive products I was looking at Thank you, Sean Bingham Salesforce Administrator 10X Health Help Desk Support

### 2026-05-11T11:41:32.492-0400 - Carlin French (public)

Hi Sean, These look good. What products are you referring to that are marked inactive? I am not seeing anything that is inactive, but maybe I missed something. Thanks! Warm Regards, Carlin French, MHA Associate Director | Clinical Support Services 10 X Health Tel: 305.682.1818 Fax: 786.598.8612 10xhealthsystem.com Schedule time on my calendar! CONFIDENTIAL/Sensitive Information: This email, including downloadable files, may contain confidential and/or sensitive personal information and is intended only for the use of the individual and/or the entity for which it is intended. If you are not the intended user, disclosure, copying, use, or distribution of the information included in, and accessed through, is prohibited by federal and state law.

### 2026-05-08T17:33:29.796-0400 - Sean Bingham (public)

Hey Carlin, I have created the following Price Books, links below. I noticed that 59 of the products are set as inactive. I have wired up everything except for setting them as active. Can I get your approval before I flip them to active? Evexia: https://10xhealth.lightning.force.com/lightning/r/Pricebook2/01sQl0000021f81IAA/view Quest: https://10xhealth.lightning.force.com/lightning/r/Pricebook2/01sQl0000021f6PIAQ/view Thank you, Sean Bingham Salesforce Administrator 10X Health Help Desk Support

### 2026-05-08T14:54:47.937-0400 - Sean Bingham (internal/unknown)

Waiting for review and approval from Adam Geyer

### 2026-05-08T14:51:51.549-0400 - Sean Bingham (public)

Hey Carlin, Apologies for the delay on this! I just reached out to Adam Geyer for review and approval. Once I hear back, I can move forward! Thank you, Sean Bingham Salesforce Administrator 10X Health Help Desk Support

### 2026-04-29T12:32:16.038-0400 - Carlin French (public)

Hey Sean, any updates on estimated completion here?

### 2026-04-20T12:12:48.284-0400 - Sean Bingham (public)

Hi Carlin French, The issue HEAL-33066 has been assigned to me. I’m taking a look now and will keep you updated as I make progress. Let me know if there’s any additional context that might help. Thank you, Sean Bingham Salesforce Administrator 10X Health Help Desk Support

### 2026-04-14T09:06:06.192-0400 - Marianne Sallo (public)

Hello Carlin French , We have assigned your request HEAL-33066 to an appropriate Help Desk team member. They will reach out to you shortly with an update. Best Regards, Marianne Sallo Tier 1 Technical Support 10X Health Help Desk Support
