# HEAL-33089 Jira Summary

- Summary: Precision Nutrition error
- Status: Escalated to Engineering
- Assignee: Sean Bingham
- Reporter: natasha torres
- Request participants: Jennifer Lara Ramirez, Jennifer Moncayo, Sean Bingham
- Created: 2026-04-14T16:08:38.427-0400
- Updated: 2026-05-06T14:46:02.259-0400
- Request type: General Help Desk Request
- System description: 
- Portal summary (Summary): 
- Portal description (Description): SF is showing error message: “Error parsing Novogenia response. The Lab Order was not updated from the response from Novogenia. this is for Precision supplements Stack Trace Class.gt_Callouts.submitOrder: line 84, column 1 Class.gt_SubmitOrder.gt_SubmitOrder: line 466, column 1”
- Comments: 10
- Changelog entries: 21
- Worklogs: 0
- Attachments: 0
- Attached forms: 1

## Attachments


## Attached Forms

### General Help Desk Request

- Scope: issue
- Form id: ea447b50-f72c-486b-aa3c-8273771e6e55
- Submitted: True
- Internal: False
- Updated: 2026-04-14T20:08:38.035Z

| Field | Answer | Choice |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Attachments |  |  |
| Stakeholders/Watchers |  |  |
| Subject | Precision Nutrition error |  |
| Description of problem | Hello for this pt on SF it is showing error message “Error parsing Novogenia response. The Lab Order was not updated from the response from Novogenia. this is for Precision supplements  Stack Trace Class.gt_Callouts.submitOrder: line 84, column 1 Class.gt_SubmitOrder.gt_SubmitOrder: line 466, column 1”  what does that mean? |  |
| Record Link | https://10xhealth.lightning.force.com/lightning/r/Lab_Order__c/a47Ql000000HlqXIAS/view |  |
| Department | Customer Support | 10479 |
| How many people or records are affected? | A small team or multiple records | 12073 |
| How does this impact your work? | I can continue with a workaround | 12076 |
| System affected | Salesforce - Errors | 10255:10298 |


## Comments

### 2026-05-06T14:46:02.259-0400 - Sean Bingham (public)

Hi Natasha, I found the Salesforce logs for this Lab Order. Salesforce did send the order to Novogenia and received a successful-looking response with a Novogenia order number, but Salesforce then hit a parsing error before it could save that order number back to the Lab Order. I have escalated and have asked for an update. Please do not resubmit this order yet, because Novogenia may already have an order for it and I want to avoid a duplicate. Thank you, Sean Bingham Salesforce Administrator 10X Health Help Desk Support

### 2026-05-06T14:17:42.798-0400 - Sean Bingham (internal/unknown)

Do we have an update on this? Thank you, Sean Bingham Salesforce Administrator 10X Health Help Desk Support

### 2026-05-06T13:13:31.855-0400 - Jennifer Lara Ramirez (public)

Hello, Can we get an update on this ticket?

### 2026-05-04T15:59:19.847-0400 - Jennifer Lara Ramirez (public)

Hey ! Can we get an update or let us know if this will not be able to be processed?

### 2026-05-04T09:41:55.144-0400 - natasha torres (public)

Good morning, This ticket was submitted on the 14th of April do we have any updates on this? Thank you! In good health, Natasha Torres Customer Experience Specialist 10 X Health (844) 977-2810 Contact Support Important Notice to Recipients: This email may contain confidential or privileged material that is for the sole use of the intended recipient. Any unauthorized review, use, or distribution is prohibited and may be unlawful. If you received this email in error, please notify the sender and delete this message and all attachments. CONFIDENTIAL/HIPAA Information: This email, including downloadable files, may contain confidential information and is intended only for the use of the individual and/or the entity for which it is intended. If you are not the intended user, disclosure, copying, use, or distribution of the information included in, and accessed through, is prohibited by federal and state law.

### 2026-05-04T09:27:20.732-0400 - Jennifer Moncayo (public)

Any update?

### 2026-04-27T14:52:49.147-0400 - Jennifer Moncayo (public)

Hi Team, Any update on this matter? Thank you.

### 2026-04-16T09:42:30.109-0400 - natasha torres (public)

Thank you Sean as of right now that's all I have In good health, Natasha Torres Customer Experience Specialist 10 X Health (844) 977-2810 Contact Support Important Notice to Recipients: This email may contain confidential or privileged material that is for the sole use of the intended recipient. Any unauthorized review, use, or distribution is prohibited and may be unlawful. If you received this email in error, please notify the sender and delete this message and all attachments. CONFIDENTIAL/HIPAA Information: This email, including downloadable files, may contain confidential information and is intended only for the use of the individual and/or the entity for which it is intended. If you are not the intended user, disclosure, copying, use, or distribution of the information included in, and accessed through, is prohibited by federal and state law.

### 2026-04-15T18:31:05.536-0400 - Sean Bingham (public)

Hi natasha torres, The issue HEAL-33089 has been assigned to me. I’m taking a look now and will keep you updated as I make progress. Let me know if there’s any additional context that might help. Thank you, Sean Bingham Salesforce Administrator 10X Health Help Desk Support

### 2026-04-14T17:19:16.699-0400 - Ray Godfrey Emerson Guevarra (public)

Hello natasha torres , We have assigned your request HEAL-33089 to an appropriate Help Desk team member. They will reach out to you shortly with an update. Best regards, Ray Godfrey Emerson Guevarra Tier 1 Technical Support 10X Health Help Desk Support
