# HEAL-33682 Jira Summary

- Summary: Orphan PGT Booklets- No order on SF
- Status: In Progress
- Assignee: Sean Bingham
- Reporter: Jennifer Lara Ramirez
- Request participants: Madison Veals, Jennifer Moncayo
- Created: 2026-05-18T10:10:42.062-0400
- Updated: 2026-05-19T11:46:25.032-0400
- Request type: General Help Desk Request
- System description: Hello Team, On Global received several PGT Booklet orders that do not currently show an Opportunity or Lab Order in our system. I reviewed each order individually and confirmed that Novogenia produced a printed report for each one using the same original Kit ID that was used to generate the customer’s results. Can the team please investigate why this occurred and confirm if there is anything I may be missing on my end? Thank you.
- Portal summary (Summary): 
- Portal description (Description): 
- Comments: 4
- Changelog entries: 17
- Worklogs: 0
- Attachments: 0
- Attached forms: 1

## Attachments


## Attached Forms

### Help Desk Requests

- Scope: issue
- Form id: 46ecc1ed-8578-461f-850e-f27643106b9d
- Submitted: True
- Internal: False
- Updated: 2026-05-18T14:10:41.677Z

| Field | Answer | Choice |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Attachments |  |  |
| Stakeholders/Watchers | Madison Veals, Jennifer Moncayo |  |
| Subject | Orphan Supplements- No order on SF |  |
| Description | Hello Team, On Global received several PGT Booklet orders that do not currently show an Opportunity or Lab Order in our system. I reviewed each order individually and confirmed that Novogenia produced a printed report for each one using the same original Kit ID that was used to generate the customer’s results. Can the team please investigate why this occurred and confirm if there is anything I may be missing on my end? Thank you. https://10xhealth.lightning.force.com/lightning/r/Opportunity/006Rh000009YUMfIAO/view  https://10xhealth.lightning.force.com/lightning/r/Opportunity/006Rh00000GVH6cIAH/view  https://10xhealth.lightning.force.com/lightning/r/Opportunity/006Ql00000YpadlIAB/view |  |
| Department | Customer Support | 10479 |
| How does this impact your work? | I can continue with a workaround | 12076 |
| How many people or records are affected? | A small team or multiple records | 12073 |
| System/Category | Salesforce- Other - Other Salesforce Issues | 12592:12593 |
| Which type of request are you submitting? | Customer / Operations | 12790 |
| Record Link | https://10xhealth.lightning.force.com/lightning/r/Opportunity/006Rh000009YUMfIAO/view |  |


## Comments

### 2026-05-19T11:46:21.136-0400 - Sean Bingham (public)

Hi Jennifer Lara Ramirez, Issue `HEAL-33682` has been assigned to me. I'm taking a look now and will keep you updated as I make progress. Let me know if there's any additional context that might help. Thank you, Sean Bingham Salesforce Administrator 10X Health Help Desk Support

### 2026-05-18T10:39:05.992-0400 - Courtney Marlin (internal/unknown)

are you able to review the logs to find the API call for when the Lab Orders below were originally submitted and view what was included in the API call? we are trying to check to see if the original request included a Product Code for a PGT Booklet to be included with the PGT Order Request for these Lab Orders: https://10xhealth.lightning.force.com/lightning/r/Lab_Order__c/a47Ql000000JI2rIAG/view https://10xhealth.lightning.force.com/lightning/r/Lab_Order__c/a47Ql000000Lo9tIAC/view https://10xhealth.lightning.force.com/lightning/r/Lab_Order__c/a47Rh0000001zeEIAQ/view Unfortunately, i have limited access to logs and can only see up to the most recent 30 Log Entries.

### 2026-05-18T10:36:00.318-0400 - Courtney Marlin (public)

Good morning, Lara. When I check these orders in the Novogenia Portal, they all have the Product Code below in the list of Products for the order: #VRSF - Report Print & Shipment Fee Basically, these orders were sent to Novogenia with a Product Code that included the Printed Report. 2 of these are from 2024. I’m not able to see into the original Lab Order Submission Logs to view what was included in the API call to Novogenia, but I can see from the Novogenia Portal that the Printed Reports were requested as part of the original request they received. I’ll have to escalate this to one of our Salesforce guys to see if they are able to view the logs from when these orders were submitted. They are currently working on other projects that have high and critical Priority levels so it may take some time to receive an update for this. Kindly, Courtney Marlin Sr. Technical Support Analyst 10X Health 305-682-1818 x632

### 2026-05-18T10:25:29.311-0400 - Marianne Sallo (public)

Hello Jennifer Lara Ramirez , We have assigned your request HEAL-33682 to an appropriate Help Desk team member. They will reach out to you shortly with an update. Best Regards, Marianne Sallo Tier 1 Technical Support 10X Health Help Desk Support
