# HEAL-33583 Jira Summary

- Summary: Re: HEAL-33537 Text notices being sent to me
- Status: In Progress
- Assignee: Sean Bingham
- Reporter: Steph Silva
- Request participants: 
- Created: 2026-05-12T11:55:24.801-0400
- Updated: 2026-05-13T14:38:03.994-0400
- Request type: General Help Desk Request
- System description: This one was Jemimah and I had one last week that was Stephanie. Idman said he fixed Stephanies but getting Jemimah’s now. Both are scheduling coordinators From: Danielle Cress <jira@10xhealthsystem.atlassian.net> Date: Tuesday, May 12, 2026 at 11:53 AM To: Stephanie Silva <SSilva@10xhealthsystem.com> Subject: Text notices being sent to me —-—-—-— Reply above this line. Danielle Cress commented: _Hi Steph, Can you tell me who exactly was texting this customer instead of you? Which member of the scheduling team? Just trying to trace down the phone numbers involved and how they are getting crossed. Best Regards, Danielle Cress Technical Support Manager 10X Health Help Desk Support _ HEAL-33537: Text notices being sent to me Current Status: Waiting for support View Ticket: https://10xhealthsystem.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/1/HEAL-33537?sda_source=notification-email View request · Turn off this request's notifications This is shared with Steph SIlva. Powered by Jira Service Management Many thanks, Steph Silva Lead Lab Coordinator 10 X Health 10xhealthsystem.com
- Portal summary (Summary): 
- Portal description (Description): 
- Comments: 9
- Changelog entries: 22
- Worklogs: 0
- Attachments: 1
- Attached forms: 0

## Attachments

- Screenshot 2026-05-12 at 3.19.08 PM 2.png (image/png, 1572569 bytes): `C:/Users/sean/Projects/Salesforce/DigitalDreams/CaseOps/outputs/jira/attachments/HEAL-33583/46399-Screenshot 2026-05-12 at 3.19.08 PM 2.png`

## Attached Forms


## Comments

### 2026-05-13T12:35:41.750-0400 - Danielle Cress (internal/unknown)

Hi Sean, Steph is receiving an email letting her know that the customer has responded back to her text. However, she did not send the text, Jemimah did. Can you figure out what causes this email to fire when texts are sent back by the patient and can you determine why this email would be sent to Stephanie Silva instead of Jemimah? Robert did help with this configuration and flow, so he may have some valuable information. Best Regards, Danielle Cress Technical Support Manager 10X Health Help Desk Support

### 2026-05-13T12:32:21.572-0400 - Danielle Cress (public)

Hi Steph, This is a different issue than we have seen before and is originating in Salesforce. I am going to assign this to my SF Admin to investigate. This is low priority, so it may take him a while to get an answer, due to some critical priorities our team is addressing currently. Best Regards, Danielle Cress Technical Support Manager 10X Health Help Desk Support

### 2026-05-12T15:19:39.454-0400 - Steph Silva (public)

From: Vonage Integration <vcartaya@10xhealthsystem.com> Date: Friday, May 8, 2026 at 10:59 AM To: Stephanie Silva <SSilva@10xhealthsystem.com> Subject: #SM-000976594 SMS-Magic: New Message received from Thomas Evangelista via sms Hi Vonage, You have received a new incoming message from 15087261435: Message Type: SMS SMS Text: Could you call me back please to discuss lab results Sender ID: 17866404062 SMS History ID: https://login.salesforce.com/aADQl000001UJFx Thank You, Team SMS-Magic From: Danielle Cress <jira@10xhealthsystem.atlassian.net> Date: Tuesday, May 12, 2026 at 3:16 PM To: Stephanie Silva <SSilva@10xhealthsystem.com> Subject: Re: Text notices being sent to me —-—-—-— Reply above this line. Danielle Cress commented: _Can you send me a screenshot of those? I need information from them to see where they are originating. Best Regards, Danielle Cress Technical Support Manager 10X Health Help Desk Support _ HEAL-33583: Re: HEAL-33537 Text notices being sent to me Current Status: Waiting for support View Ticket: https://10xhealthsystem.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/1/HEAL-33583?token=eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJ0Z3QiOiJhbm9ueW1vdXMtbGluayIsInFzaCI6ImI1YWMxMmFmOWQzM2FmZWJmZGMwZDA0Y2FhMDg2MWFlNDAwZGJiMTFhODVjYTQwOGQxY2E3NGZjZDBkMzkxZmQiLCJpc3MiOiJzZXJ2aWNlZGVzay1qd3QtdG9rZW4taXNzdWVyIiwiY29udGV4dCI6eyJ1c2VyIjoiMTQ2MjciLCJpc3N1ZSI6IkhFQUwtMzM1ODMifSwiZXhwIjoxNzgxMDMyNTI3LCJpYXQiOjE3Nzg2MTMzMjd9.NAZNoVvYhkWXDI7dAKbOD3XVXNXCiO7DHos1ShSL8pg&sda_source=notification-email View request · Turn off this request's notifications This is shared with Steph Silva. Powered by Jira Service Management Many thanks, Steph Silva Lead Lab Coordinator 10 X Health 10xhealthsystem.com

### 2026-05-12T15:15:27.164-0400 - Danielle Cress (public)

Can you send me a screenshot of those? I need information from them to see where they are originating. Best Regards, Danielle Cress Technical Support Manager 10X Health Help Desk Support

### 2026-05-12T15:13:23.540-0400 - Steph Silva (public)

Emails of the texts being received . Many thanks, Steph Silva Lead Lab Coordinator 10 X Health 10xhealthsystem.com

### 2026-05-12T15:10:29.996-0400 - Danielle Cress (public)

Hi Steph, When you say you are getting notifications, can you please explain what those are? Are you getting texts from the patient, or are you getting emails. Can you please reply to this ticket with an example? Please do not reply back to support@10xhealthsystem.com as that will create a duplicate ticket. Best Regards, Danielle Cress Technical Support Manager 10X Health Help Desk Support

### 2026-05-12T13:07:16.578-0400 - Steph Silva (public)

Stephanie Silva reacted to your message: ----

### 2026-05-12T13:05:49.764-0400 - Danielle Cress (public)

Hi Steph, I’m going to try to meet with Idman to review this so I can document how to fix this when it happens. I’ll update you as soon as this is resolved. Best Regards, Danielle Cress Technical Support Manager 10X Health Help Desk Support

### 2026-05-12T12:21:23.416-0400 - Genevieve Aguilar (public)

Hello Steph Silva , We have assigned your request HEAL-33583 to an appropriate Help Desk team member. They will reach out to you shortly with an update. Regards, Genevieve Aguilar Tier 1 Tech Support 10x Health Help Desk Support
