# HEAL-33541 Jira Summary

- Summary: Wellvi Submission error
- Status: Resolved
- Assignee: Danielle Cress
- Reporter: KKrupnik@10xhealthsystem.com
- Request participants: Sarah Phonthaphanh, Jill Tager
- Created: 2026-05-08T14:10:52.592-0400
- Updated: 2026-05-13T14:26:37.647-0400
- Request type: General Help Desk Request
- System description: X Pharmacy Order failed to submit
- Portal summary (Summary): 
- Portal description (Description): 
- Comments: 11
- Changelog entries: 16
- Worklogs: 0
- Attachments: 0
- Attached forms: 1

## Attachments


## Attached Forms

### Help Desk Requests

- Scope: issue
- Form id: bdf0c9cc-437c-47b7-a36a-362f2bcc4d88
- Submitted: True
- Internal: False
- Updated: 2026-05-08T18:10:52.102Z

| Field | Answer | Choice |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Attachments |  |  |
| Stakeholders/Watchers | Jill Tager, Sarah Phonthaphanh |  |
| Subject | Wellvi Submission error |  |
| Description | X Pharmacy Order failed to submit |  |
| Department | Operations | 10483 |
| How does this impact your work? | I am completely blocked | 12077 |
| How many people or records are affected? | A small team or multiple records | 12073 |
| System/Category | Salesforce- Opportunities - Other Opportunity Issues | 12570:12574 |
| Which type of request are you submitting? | Customer / Operations | 12790 |
| Record Link | https://10xhealth.lightning.force.com/lightning/r/Opportunity/006Ql00000d7V5RIAU/view |  |


## Comments

### 2026-05-13T14:26:37.647-0400 - Danielle Cress (public)

Hi Kaci, You were able to confirm that we could ship to the customer using a different address. I am closing this ticket as resolved. Best Regards, Danielle Cress Technical Support Manager 10X Health Help Desk Support

### 2026-05-12T15:01:44.573-0400 - Danielle Cress (public)

Hi Kaci, Frankie from Wellvi has reported that they are unable to ship any sterile substances to CA. Can you use a different pharmacy to fulfill this patient’s order? Best Regards, Danielle Cress Technical Support Manager 10X Health Help Desk Support

### 2026-05-12T10:05:26.862-0400 - Danielle Cress (public)

Hi Jill and Kaci, Thank you for adding me to the Wellvi channel. I have put in a description of the problem for this order and asked them to investigate it. I’ll update this ticket as we learn more from their team. Best Regards, Danielle Cress Technical Support Manager 10X Health Help Desk Support

### 2026-05-11T16:08:22.628-0400 - Jill Tager (public)

Danielle I added you to the Wellvi Slack Channel. Jill Tager, RN, BSN, MEd Sr. Vice President of Clinical Operations 10 X Health Cell: 904.405.2591 10xhealthsystem.com Confidentiality Disclaimer: This email and any attachments may contain privileged and confidential information and/or protected health information (PHI) intended solely for the use of 10X Health System and any recipient(s) named above. If you are not the recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination, distribution or duplication of this email message and/or any attachments is strictly prohibited.

### 2026-05-11T15:29:15.371-0400 - Danielle Cress (public)

Hi Kaci, I think you need to reach out to Wellvi in that channel, as they are saying that there is a CA restriction but you said we aren't shipping the product that is restricted We would need them to investigate why they are pushing that error for products that aren't restricted. I'd reach out to Wellvi but I am not in that channel so am unable to communicate about this with them. It's the same thing with the other ticket, if we are sending them less than the character limit, we want them to investigate why they are still sending us that error. Best Regards, Danielle Cress Technical Support Manager 10X Health Help Desk Support

### 2026-05-11T15:14:58.348-0400 - KKrupnik@10xhealthsystem.com (public)

any update on the Wellvi order for Jeff Goodwin? should I reach out in the Wellvi channel or it is on our side?

### 2026-05-08T18:57:52.228-0400 - KKrupnik@10xhealthsystem.com (public)

CA can have tesa shipped just not Tirzep. lowed character count to 103 including spaces, even though it was under the 125 before. Still not able to transmit successfully

### 2026-05-08T15:29:32.847-0400 - Danielle Cress (public)

Hi Kaci, My apologies, this one does not have an issue with the integration, David says the error shows: Wellvi API response: UnprocessableEntity, Description: 'STATE_RESTRICTED, Orders for patients in state 'CA' cannot be processed. Your organization is not authorized for alternative pharmacy routing.:' Are we not permitted to use Wellvi for shipments to CA? Best, Danielle Cress Technical Support Manager 10x Health Help Desk Support

### 2026-05-08T14:29:39.546-0400 - Danielle Cress (public)

Hi Kaci, David says that the integration with Wellvi was down when this order was submitted and that is why it failed. Can you please try resubmitting it and let us know if it goes through OK now? Best, Danielle Cress Technical Support Manager 10x Health Help Desk Support

### 2026-05-08T14:28:43.870-0400 - Ray Godfrey Emerson Guevarra (public)

Hello KKrupnik@10xhealthsystem.com , We have assigned your request HEAL-33541 to an appropriate Help Desk team member. They will reach out to you shortly with an update. Best regards, Ray Godfrey Emerson Guevarra Tier 1 Technical Support 10X Health Help Desk Support

### 2026-05-08T14:22:31.348-0400 - Danielle Cress (internal/unknown)

Please assign to Sean Best, Danielle Cress Technical Support Manager 10x Health Help Desk Support
